Update traefik ingress docs (#1855)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.16/tasks/using-ingress.md

- [Nginx (community version)](#nginx-community-version)
- [Nginx (F5 NGINX version)](#nginx-f5-nginx-version)
- [Traefik](#traefik)
  - [Traefik with normal mode](#traefik-normal-mode)

>   - [Traefik with ingress mode](#traefik-ingress-mode)

Reviewer: Can you make clear even here that any version prior to 2.10 really must use ingress mode? 🙂

## Traefik

As of version 2.10, Traefik can be meshed normally: it does not require the
[ingress mode](#ingress-mode) annotation. Previous versions needed ingress
mode and custom headers.

### Traefik with normal mode (2.10 and newer versions) {#traefik-normal-mode}

With traefik versions 2.10 and newer "Kubernetes Service Native Load-Balancing"
can be set in the Custom Resource called [`IngressRoute`](
  https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-crd/) with the
`services[n].nativeLB` field.

> The YAML bellow exemplifies an IngressRoute for `emojivoto` application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The YAML below exemplifies an IngressRoute for `emojivoto` application.
```

## Traefik

As of version 2.10, Traefik can be meshed normally: it does not require the
[ingress mode](#ingress-mode) annotation. Previous versions needed ingress
mode and custom headers.

### Traefik with normal mode {#traefik-normal-mode}

With traefik versions 2.10 and newer "Kubernetes Service Native Load-Balancing"
can be set in the Custom Resource called [`IngressRoute`](
  https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-crd/) with the
`services[n].nativeLB` field.

The YAML bellow exemplifies an IngressRoute for `emojivoto` application.

```yaml
apiVersion: traefik.io/v1alpha1
kind: IngressRoute
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: emojivoto-web-ingress-route
  namespace: emojivoto
spec:
  entryPoints: []
  routes:
  - kind: Rule
    match: PathPrefix(`/`)
    priority: 0
    services:
    - kind: Service
      name: web-svc
      port: 80
      nativeLB: true
```

### Traefik with ingress mode {#traefik-ingress-mode}

> Previous versions of Ttraefik needed to use [ingress mode](#ingress-mode),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions of Traefik prior to 2.10 must use [ingress mode](#ingress-mode),
```

i.e. with the `linkerd.io/inject: ingress` annotation rather than
 the default `enabled`. and Traefik's [`Middleware`](https://docs.traefik.io/middlewares/headers/)
Custom Resource to add the `l5d-dst-override` header.

Traefik will add a `l5d-dst-override` header to instruct Linkerd what service
the request is destined for. You'll want to include both the Kubernetes service
FQDN (`web-svc.emojivoto.svc.cluster.local`) *and* the destination
`servicePort`.

The YAML below uses the Traefik custom resources to configure a route and
headers for the `emojivoto` application.

```yaml

> apiVersion: traefik.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer: What version of Traefik is required for this API group change?

Author: Version 2.10 as well. `traefik.containo.us` is dropped in v3.

Author: I left new api group for versions 2.10 and up example but kept old group for the legacy example.
